docs: internal links (#157)
rancher/fleet-docs: docs/ref-configuration.md

In cluster configuration for the agent and fleet manager. Changing these can lead to full re-deployments.

> The config [struct](https://github.com/rancher/fleet/blob/main/internal/config/config.go#L40-L52) is used in both config maps:

Reviewer: The config struct has moved a bit since this was written ;)
How about we just point to its beginning, to make this document more future-proof?
```suggestion
The config [struct](https://github.com/rancher/fleet/blob/main/internal/config/config.go#L57) is used in both config maps:
```

Author: Thanks for suggestion.
